perf_flower: update and update instructions for RHEL8 (#8)
ctrautma/RHEL_NIC_QUALIFICATION: README.md

yum install -y perf gnuplot kernel-debuginfo
```

> You must build perf from a recent kernel source in order to better work with python3:

Reviewer: Maybe a little wording change, as it does not work at all without it:
```suggestion
You must build perf from a recent kernel source in order to make it work with python3:
```
